fix(7.9 RN): add explicit limitation on edge (#814)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

#### Switch widget
Directly from whiteboard or from widget properties section, you will now be able to change your current widget by a new one without loosing the configuration you have done. Useful when switching to a new version of your widget custom or not, and as first customization steps after your form creation from studio to match your end user needs.

> ⚠️This feature is not available on Edge browser.  

Reviewer: ❓ is this working on IE11? usually, if something does not work on Edge, it doesn't work on IE 😸

Author: good catch.

Is IE 11 still in the matrix ? i don't have this browser to test, but if same limitation is present, it should also be added of course

Reviewer: yes IE11 is in the 7.9 matrix and for now, will also be in the 7.10 matrix
I am asking the UID Team about the IE limitation

Reviewer 2: True, we need to put IE11 limitations too ! Good catch !

> ⚠️This feature is not available on Edge browser.  

Author: ```suggestion
⚠️This feature is not available on Edge and IE 11 browsers.  
```
